README.md, before:


# myProgramming 👨‍💻
--------------------------------------------------------

## Coding practice, CS-Core questions & Resources to improve...! 🚀

<br>

This repository hosts a list of DS-Algo Questions that I've solved, CS-Core Questions and resources that I have 
been following, to improve my thinking skills to crack the opportunities that come in my way.  

------------------------------------

### Table of contents:

- [Coding-NOOB](#coding-noob-beginner)
- [Coding-PRO_NOOB](#coding-pro_noob-intermediate)
- [Handwritten-notes](#notes)
- [DS-Algo-Questions](#ds-algo-qs)
- [Author](#author)
----------------------------------

### Coding-Noob-Beginner

1. Written code in Py/Java/C/C++ to get an experience of every language. 
2. Finally decided to go with cpp.

(Basic)

- [Codes in C](https://github.com/Surajv311/myProgramming/tree/master/Warmup-Prerequisites/CODES%20IN%20C)
- [Codes in Cpp](https://github.com/Surajv311/myProgramming/tree/master/Warmup-Prerequisites/CODES%20IN%20CPP)
- [Codes in Java](https://github.com/Surajv311/myProgramming/tree/master/Warmup-Prerequisites/CODES%20IN%20JAVA)
- [Codes in Python](https://github.com/Surajv311/myProgramming/tree/master/Warmup-Prerequisites/CODES%20IN%20PY/LEARNING_BASICS)
- [Git/Github Learning](https://github.com/Surajv311/myProgramming/tree/master/Warmup-Prerequisites/LEARNING___git-github)

<div align="right">
    <b><a href="#table-of-contents">⬆ Back To Top
    </a></b>
</div>

-------------------------------------

### Coding-Pro_Noob-Intermediate

A compiled list of resources that I have been following and questions that I have been practising:

#### Competitive Coding
- [Questions upsolved](https://github.com/Surajv311/myProgramming/tree/master/Coding/COMPETITIVE%20PROGRAMMING/CP-Qs_-UPSOLVED)
- [MY CP template](https://github.com/Surajv311/myProgramming/tree/master/Coding/COMPETITIVE%20PROGRAMMING/MY-CP-TEMPLATE)

#### Practised & Learned from Internet
- [GFG](https://github.com/Surajv311/myProgramming/tree/master/Coding/PRACTICE-and-LEARNED/GFG)
- [Hackerrank](https://github.com/Surajv311/myProgramming/tree/master/Coding/PRACTICE-and-LEARNED/HACKERRANK)
- [Leetcode](https://github.com/Surajv311/myProgramming/tree/master/Coding/PRACTICE-and-LEARNED/LEETCODE)
- [Youtube University](https://github.com/Surajv311/myProgramming/tree/master/Coding/PRACTICE-and-LEARNED/YOUTUBE_UNIVERSITY_XD)
- [Misc](https://github.com/Surajv311/myProgramming/tree/master/Coding/PRACTICE-and-LEARNED/others)

#### Internship & Placements specific preparation (that I've done)
- [CS Core Subjects](https://github.com/Surajv311/myProgramming/tree/master/Coding/%5BIMP%5D%20INTERN-PLACEMENTS-PREP/CS-CORE_SUBJECTS): 
[DBMS](https://github.com/Surajv311/myProgramming/tree/master/Coding/%5BIMP%5D%20INTERN-PLACEMENTS-PREP/CS-CORE_SUBJECTS/dbms), 
[Networks](https://github.com/Surajv311/myProgramming/tree/master/Coding/%5BIMP%5D%20INTERN-PLACEMENTS-PREP/CS-CORE_SUBJECTS/networks), 
[OOPS](https://github.com/Surajv311/myProgramming/tree/master/Coding/%5BIMP%5D%20INTERN-PLACEMENTS-PREP/CS-CORE_SUBJECTS/oops), 
[OS](https://github.com/Surajv311/myProgramming/tree/master/Coding/%5BIMP%5D%20INTERN-PLACEMENTS-PREP/CS-CORE_SUBJECTS/os)
- [Subjective Questions](https://github.com/Surajv311/myProgramming/tree/master/Coding/%5BIMP%5D%20INTERN-PLACEMENTS-PREP/SUBJECTIVE%20Qs%20%26%20PUZZLES/SUBJECTIVE%20Qs)
- [Puzzles](https://github.com/Surajv311/myProgramming/tree/master/Coding/%5BIMP%5D%20INTERN-PLACEMENTS-PREP/SUBJECTIVE%20Qs%20%26%20PUZZLES/PUZZLES)
- [System Design (IGNORE)](https://github.com/Surajv311/myProgramming/tree/master/Coding/%5BIMP%5D%20INTERN-PLACEMENTS-PREP/%5BIGNORE%5D_SYSTEM-DESIGN)
- [DS-Algo](https://github.com/Surajv311/myProgramming/tree/master/Coding/%5BIMP%5D%20INTERN-PLACEMENTS-PREP/DS-ALGO_QUESTIONS_%5BSOLVED%5D)

#### Others
- [Learned something unique](https://github.com/Surajv311/myProgramming/tree/master/Coding/OTHERS/LEARNED-SOMETHING-UNIQUE)
- [Off-campus info.](https://github.com/Surajv311/myProgramming/tree/master/Coding/OTHERS/offcampus)
- [Competitive Coding Resources](https://github.com/Surajv311/myProgramming/tree/master/Coding/OTHERS/RESOURCES/COMPETITIVE_PROGRAMMING)
- [CS-Core Must Do Questions](https://github.com/Surajv311/myProgramming/tree/master/Coding/OTHERS/RESOURCES/COMPETITIVE_PROGRAMMING)
- [DS-Algo Must Do Questions](https://github.com/Surajv311/myProgramming/tree/master/Coding/OTHERS/RESOURCES/DS-ALGO)
- [Other resources](https://github.com/Surajv311/myProgramming/tree/master/Coding/OTHERS/RESOURCES/others)
- [Misc](https://github.com/Surajv311/myProgramming/tree/master/Coding/OTHERS/MISC)

<div align="right">
    <b><a href="#table-of-contents">⬆ Back To Top
    </a></b>
</div>

-------------------------------------

### Notes

- Link to my handwritten notes (updated occasionally): [drive link](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1DCXUvS2_-5aqUsNPJO7Wf8INegCi4Yi4?usp=sharing)

<div align="right">
    <b><a href="#table-of-contents">⬆ Back To Top
    </a></b>
</div>

------------------------------------

### DS-Algo-Qs

- This section consists of a list of DS-Algo Questions that I have practised: <br>
- **Note**: These questions can be accessed via the: <br>
`Coding-PRO_NOOB [section] -> Internships & Placements preparation [heading] -> DS-Algo [sub-heading]` section as well.<br> 
([Link](https://github.com/Surajv311/myProgramming/tree/master/Coding/%5BIMP%5D%20INTERN-PLACEMENTS-PREP/DS-ALGO_QUESTIONS_%5BSOLVED%5D))<br>
- To keep things little simplified, I've added all the questions that I have been practising specifically for internships/placements over here!.<br>
- Also, in the solutions of most of the questions, I've pasted the logic inside the `main()` function (which can be separated to a different function).
<br>

#### Contents:

- [Arrays](#arrays) 
- [String](#string)
- [Linked List](#linkedlist)
- [Stack and Queue](#stack_queue)
- [Trees (BT and BST)](#trees)
- [Heap](#heap)
- [Recursion](#recursion)
- [Hashing](#hashing)
- [Graph](#graph)
- [Greedy](#greedy)
- [Dynamic Programming](#dp)
- [Backtracking](#backtracking)
- [Bit Magic](#bit_magic)
- [Sorting Algos](#sorting_algos)
- [Misc (Others)](#misc)

<br>

#### Arrays

| Problem  | Link | My Solution | 
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- |
| Two numbers with sum closest to 0 | [Visit](https://practice.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/two-numbers-with-sum-closest-to-zero1737/1#:~:text=Two%20numbers%20with%20sum%20closest%20to%20zero.%20Given,is%20-68%20using%20numbers%20-60%20and%20-8.%20)  | [Check](https://github.com/Surajv311/myProgramming/blob/master/Coding/%5BIMP%5D%20INTERN-PLACEMENTS-PREP/DS-ALGO_QUESTIONS_%5BSOLVED%5D/arrays/2%20num.%20sum%20closest%20to%200.cpp) |
| Convert array to zig-zag fashion | [Visit](https://practice.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/convert-array-into-zig-zag-fashion1638/1)  | [Check](https://github.com/Surajv311/myProgramming/blob/master/Coding/%5BIMP%5D%20INTERN-PLACEMENTS-PREP/DS-ALGO_QUESTIONS_%5BSOLVED%5D/arrays/array%20to%20zigzag%20fashion.cpp) |
| Boolean Matrix | [Visit](https://practice.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/boolean-matrix-problem-1587115620/1)  | [Check](https://github.com/Surajv311/myProgramming/blob/master/Coding/%5BIMP%5D%20INTERN-PLACEMENTS-PREP/DS-ALGO_QUESTIONS_%5BSOLVED%5D/arrays/boolean%20matrix.cpp) |
| Chocolate Distribution Problem | [Visit](https://practice.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/chocolate-distribution-problem3825/1#:~:text=%20Chocolate%20Distribution%20Problem%20%201%20Each%20student,number%20of%20chocolates%20given%20to%20a...%20More%20)  | [Check](https://github.com/Surajv311/myProgramming/blob/master/Coding/%5BIMP%5D%20INTERN-PLACEMENTS-PREP/DS-ALGO_QUESTIONS_%5BSOLVED%5D/arrays/chocolate%20distribution%20problem.cpp) |
| Consecutive 1's not allowed | [Visit](https://practice.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/consecutive-1s-not-allowed1912/1)  | [Check](https://github.com/Surajv311/myProgramming/blob/master/Coding/%5BIMP%5D%20INTERN-PLACEMENTS-PREP/DS-ALGO_QUESTIONS_%5BSOLVED%5D/arrays/consecutive%201s%20not%20allowed.cpp) |
| Contiguous Subarray with given sum | [Visit](https://practice.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/subarray-with-given-sum-1587115621/1)  | [Check](https://github.com/Surajv311/myProgramming/blob/master/Coding/%5BIMP%5D%20INTERN-PLACEMENTS-PREP/DS-ALGO_QUESTIONS_%5BSOLVED%5D/arrays/contiguous%20subarray%20with%20sum.cpp) |
| Count Inversions | [Visit](https://practice.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/inversion-of-array-1587115620/1)  | [Check](https://github.com/Surajv311/myProgramming/blob/master/Coding/%5BIMP%5D%20INTERN-PLACEMENTS-PREP/DS-ALGO_QUESTIONS_%5BSOLVED%5D/arrays/count%20inversions.cpp) |
| Count the triplets | [Visit](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/count-triplets-such-that-sum-of-any-two-number-is-equal-to-third-set-2/)  | [Check](https://github.com/Surajv311/myProgramming/blob/master/Coding/%5BIMP%5D%20INTERN-PLACEMENTS-PREP/DS-ALGO_QUESTIONS_%5BSOLVED%5D/arrays/count%20the%20triplets.cpp) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |

<div align="right">
    <b><a href="#contents">⬆ Back To Contents
    </a></b>
</div>

#### String

| Problem  | Link | My Solution | 
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |

<div align="right">
    <b><a href="#contents">⬆ Back To Contents
    </a></b>
</div>

#### LinkedList

| Problem  | Link | My Solution | 
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |

<div align="right">
    <b><a href="#contents">⬆ Back To Contents
    </a></b>
</div>

#### Stack_Queue

| Problem  | Link | My Solution | 
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |

<div align="right">
    <b><a href="#contents">⬆ Back To Contents
    </a></b>
</div>

#### Trees

| Problem  | Link | My Solution | 
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |

<div align="right">
    <b><a href="#contents">⬆ Back To Contents
    </a></b>
</div>

#### Heap

| Problem  | Link | My Solution | 
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |

<div align="right">
    <b><a href="#contents">⬆ Back To Contents
    </a></b>
</div>

#### Recursion

| Problem  | Link | My Solution | 
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |

<div align="right">
    <b><a href="#contents">⬆ Back To Contents
    </a></b>
</div>

#### Hashing

| Problem  | Link | My Solution | 
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |

<div align="right">
    <b><a href="#contents">⬆ Back To Contents
    </a></b>
</div>

#### Graph

| Problem  | Link | My Solution | 
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |

<div align="right">
    <b><a href="#contents">⬆ Back To Contents
    </a></b>
</div>

#### Greedy

| Problem  | Link | My Solution | 
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |

<div align="right">
    <b><a href="#contents">⬆ Back To Contents
    </a></b>
</div>

#### DP

| Problem  | Link | My Solution | 
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |

<div align="right">
    <b><a href="#contents">⬆ Back To Contents
    </a></b>
</div>

#### Backtracking

| Problem  | Link | My Solution | 
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |

<div align="right">
    <b><a href="#contents">⬆ Back To Contents
    </a></b>
</div>

#### Bit_Magic

| Problem  | Link | My Solution | 
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |

<div align="right">
    <b><a href="#contents">⬆ Back To Contents
    </a></b>
</div>

#### Sorting_Algos

| Problem  | Link | My Solution | 
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |

<div align="right">
    <b><a href="#contents">⬆ Back To Contents
    </a></b>
</div>

#### Misc

| Problem  | Link | My Solution | 
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |

<div align="right">
    <b><a href="#contents">⬆ Back To Contents
    </a></b>
</div>

------------------------------------

### Author

- [Suraj Verma](https://github.com/surajv311)

----------------------------------
----------------------------------

Commit message:

Element with left smaller & right greater

README.md, after:


# myProgramming 👨‍💻
--------------------------------------------------------

## Coding practice, CS-Core questions & Resources to improve...! 🚀

<br>

This repository hosts a list of DS-Algo Questions that I've solved, CS-Core Questions and resources that I have 
been following, to improve my thinking skills to crack the opportunities that come in my way.  

------------------------------------

### Table of contents:

- [Coding-NOOB](#coding-noob-beginner)
- [Coding-PRO_NOOB](#coding-pro_noob-intermediate)
- [Handwritten-notes](#notes)
- [DS-Algo-Questions](#ds-algo-qs)
- [Author](#author)
----------------------------------

### Coding-Noob-Beginner

1. Written code in Py/Java/C/C++ to get an experience of every language. 
2. Finally decided to go with cpp.

(Basic)

- [Codes in C](https://github.com/Surajv311/myProgramming/tree/master/Warmup-Prerequisites/CODES%20IN%20C)
- [Codes in Cpp](https://github.com/Surajv311/myProgramming/tree/master/Warmup-Prerequisites/CODES%20IN%20CPP)
- [Codes in Java](https://github.com/Surajv311/myProgramming/tree/master/Warmup-Prerequisites/CODES%20IN%20JAVA)
- [Codes in Python](https://github.com/Surajv311/myProgramming/tree/master/Warmup-Prerequisites/CODES%20IN%20PY/LEARNING_BASICS)
- [Git/Github Learning](https://github.com/Surajv311/myProgramming/tree/master/Warmup-Prerequisites/LEARNING___git-github)

<div align="right">
    <b><a href="#table-of-contents">⬆ Back To Top
    </a></b>
</div>

-------------------------------------

### Coding-Pro_Noob-Intermediate

A compiled list of resources that I have been following and questions that I have been practising:

#### Competitive Coding
- [Questions upsolved](https://github.com/Surajv311/myProgramming/tree/master/Coding/COMPETITIVE%20PROGRAMMING/CP-Qs_-UPSOLVED)
- [MY CP template](https://github.com/Surajv311/myProgramming/tree/master/Coding/COMPETITIVE%20PROGRAMMING/MY-CP-TEMPLATE)

#### Practised & Learned from Internet
- [GFG](https://github.com/Surajv311/myProgramming/tree/master/Coding/PRACTICE-and-LEARNED/GFG)
- [Hackerrank](https://github.com/Surajv311/myProgramming/tree/master/Coding/PRACTICE-and-LEARNED/HACKERRANK)
- [Leetcode](https://github.com/Surajv311/myProgramming/tree/master/Coding/PRACTICE-and-LEARNED/LEETCODE)
- [Youtube University](https://github.com/Surajv311/myProgramming/tree/master/Coding/PRACTICE-and-LEARNED/YOUTUBE_UNIVERSITY_XD)
- [Misc](https://github.com/Surajv311/myProgramming/tree/master/Coding/PRACTICE-and-LEARNED/others)

#### Internship & Placements specific preparation (that I've done)
- [CS Core Subjects](https://github.com/Surajv311/myProgramming/tree/master/Coding/%5BIMP%5D%20INTERN-PLACEMENTS-PREP/CS-CORE_SUBJECTS): 
[DBMS](https://github.com/Surajv311/myProgramming/tree/master/Coding/%5BIMP%5D%20INTERN-PLACEMENTS-PREP/CS-CORE_SUBJECTS/dbms), 
[Networks](https://github.com/Surajv311/myProgramming/tree/master/Coding/%5BIMP%5D%20INTERN-PLACEMENTS-PREP/CS-CORE_SUBJECTS/networks), 
[OOPS](https://github.com/Surajv311/myProgramming/tree/master/Coding/%5BIMP%5D%20INTERN-PLACEMENTS-PREP/CS-CORE_SUBJECTS/oops), 
[OS](https://github.com/Surajv311/myProgramming/tree/master/Coding/%5BIMP%5D%20INTERN-PLACEMENTS-PREP/CS-CORE_SUBJECTS/os)
- [Subjective Questions](https://github.com/Surajv311/myProgramming/tree/master/Coding/%5BIMP%5D%20INTERN-PLACEMENTS-PREP/SUBJECTIVE%20Qs%20%26%20PUZZLES/SUBJECTIVE%20Qs)
- [Puzzles](https://github.com/Surajv311/myProgramming/tree/master/Coding/%5BIMP%5D%20INTERN-PLACEMENTS-PREP/SUBJECTIVE%20Qs%20%26%20PUZZLES/PUZZLES)
- [System Design (IGNORE)](https://github.com/Surajv311/myProgramming/tree/master/Coding/%5BIMP%5D%20INTERN-PLACEMENTS-PREP/%5BIGNORE%5D_SYSTEM-DESIGN)
- [DS-Algo](https://github.com/Surajv311/myProgramming/tree/master/Coding/%5BIMP%5D%20INTERN-PLACEMENTS-PREP/DS-ALGO_QUESTIONS_%5BSOLVED%5D)

#### Others
- [Learned something unique](https://github.com/Surajv311/myProgramming/tree/master/Coding/OTHERS/LEARNED-SOMETHING-UNIQUE)
- [Off-campus info.](https://github.com/Surajv311/myProgramming/tree/master/Coding/OTHERS/offcampus)
- [Competitive Coding Resources](https://github.com/Surajv311/myProgramming/tree/master/Coding/OTHERS/RESOURCES/COMPETITIVE_PROGRAMMING)
- [CS-Core Must Do Questions](https://github.com/Surajv311/myProgramming/tree/master/Coding/OTHERS/RESOURCES/COMPETITIVE_PROGRAMMING)
- [DS-Algo Must Do Questions](https://github.com/Surajv311/myProgramming/tree/master/Coding/OTHERS/RESOURCES/DS-ALGO)
- [Other resources](https://github.com/Surajv311/myProgramming/tree/master/Coding/OTHERS/RESOURCES/others)
- [Misc](https://github.com/Surajv311/myProgramming/tree/master/Coding/OTHERS/MISC)

<div align="right">
    <b><a href="#table-of-contents">⬆ Back To Top
    </a></b>
</div>

-------------------------------------

### Notes

- Link to my handwritten notes (updated occasionally): [drive link](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1DCXUvS2_-5aqUsNPJO7Wf8INegCi4Yi4?usp=sharing)

<div align="right">
    <b><a href="#table-of-contents">⬆ Back To Top
    </a></b>
</div>

------------------------------------

### DS-Algo-Qs

- This section consists of a list of DS-Algo Questions that I have practised: <br>
- **Note**: These questions can be accessed via the: <br>
`Coding-PRO_NOOB [section] -> Internships & Placements preparation [heading] -> DS-Algo [sub-heading]` section as well.<br> 
([Link](https://github.com/Surajv311/myProgramming/tree/master/Coding/%5BIMP%5D%20INTERN-PLACEMENTS-PREP/DS-ALGO_QUESTIONS_%5BSOLVED%5D))<br>
- To keep things little simplified, I've added all the questions that I have been practising specifically for internships/placements over here!.<br>
- Also, in the solutions of most of the questions, I've pasted the logic inside the `main()` function (which can be separated to a different function).
<br>

#### Contents:

- [Arrays](#arrays) 
- [String](#string)
- [Linked List](#linkedlist)
- [Stack and Queue](#stack_queue)
- [Trees (BT and BST)](#trees)
- [Heap](#heap)
- [Recursion](#recursion)
- [Hashing](#hashing)
- [Graph](#graph)
- [Greedy](#greedy)
- [Dynamic Programming](#dp)
- [Backtracking](#backtracking)
- [Bit Magic](#bit_magic)
- [Sorting Algos](#sorting_algos)
- [Misc (Others)](#misc)

<br>

#### Arrays

| Problem  | Link | My Solution | 
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- |
| Two numbers with sum closest to 0 | [Visit](https://practice.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/two-numbers-with-sum-closest-to-zero1737/1#:~:text=Two%20numbers%20with%20sum%20closest%20to%20zero.%20Given,is%20-68%20using%20numbers%20-60%20and%20-8.%20)  | [Check](https://github.com/Surajv311/myProgramming/blob/master/Coding/%5BIMP%5D%20INTERN-PLACEMENTS-PREP/DS-ALGO_QUESTIONS_%5BSOLVED%5D/arrays/2%20num.%20sum%20closest%20to%200.cpp) |
| Convert array to zig-zag fashion | [Visit](https://practice.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/convert-array-into-zig-zag-fashion1638/1)  | [Check](https://github.com/Surajv311/myProgramming/blob/master/Coding/%5BIMP%5D%20INTERN-PLACEMENTS-PREP/DS-ALGO_QUESTIONS_%5BSOLVED%5D/arrays/array%20to%20zigzag%20fashion.cpp) |
| Boolean Matrix | [Visit](https://practice.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/boolean-matrix-problem-1587115620/1)  | [Check](https://github.com/Surajv311/myProgramming/blob/master/Coding/%5BIMP%5D%20INTERN-PLACEMENTS-PREP/DS-ALGO_QUESTIONS_%5BSOLVED%5D/arrays/boolean%20matrix.cpp) |
| Chocolate Distribution Problem | [Visit](https://practice.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/chocolate-distribution-problem3825/1#:~:text=%20Chocolate%20Distribution%20Problem%20%201%20Each%20student,number%20of%20chocolates%20given%20to%20a...%20More%20)  | [Check](https://github.com/Surajv311/myProgramming/blob/master/Coding/%5BIMP%5D%20INTERN-PLACEMENTS-PREP/DS-ALGO_QUESTIONS_%5BSOLVED%5D/arrays/chocolate%20distribution%20problem.cpp) |
| Consecutive 1's not allowed | [Visit](https://practice.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/consecutive-1s-not-allowed1912/1)  | [Check](https://github.com/Surajv311/myProgramming/blob/master/Coding/%5BIMP%5D%20INTERN-PLACEMENTS-PREP/DS-ALGO_QUESTIONS_%5BSOLVED%5D/arrays/consecutive%201s%20not%20allowed.cpp) |
| Contiguous Subarray with given sum | [Visit](https://practice.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/subarray-with-given-sum-1587115621/1)  | [Check](https://github.com/Surajv311/myProgramming/blob/master/Coding/%5BIMP%5D%20INTERN-PLACEMENTS-PREP/DS-ALGO_QUESTIONS_%5BSOLVED%5D/arrays/contiguous%20subarray%20with%20sum.cpp) |
| Count Inversions | [Visit](https://practice.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/inversion-of-array-1587115620/1)  | [Check](https://github.com/Surajv311/myProgramming/blob/master/Coding/%5BIMP%5D%20INTERN-PLACEMENTS-PREP/DS-ALGO_QUESTIONS_%5BSOLVED%5D/arrays/count%20inversions.cpp) |
| Count the triplets | [Visit](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/count-triplets-such-that-sum-of-any-two-number-is-equal-to-third-set-2/)  | [Check](https://github.com/Surajv311/myProgramming/blob/master/Coding/%5BIMP%5D%20INTERN-PLACEMENTS-PREP/DS-ALGO_QUESTIONS_%5BSOLVED%5D/arrays/count%20the%20triplets.cpp) |
| Element with left side smaller and right side greater | [Visit](https://practice.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/unsorted-array4925/1)  | [Check](https://github.com/Surajv311/myProgramming/blob/master/Coding/%5BIMP%5D%20INTERN-PLACEMENTS-PREP/DS-ALGO_QUESTIONS_%5BSOLVED%5D/arrays/element%20left%20side%20smaller%20right%20greater.cpp) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |

<div align="right">
    <b><a href="#contents">⬆ Back To Contents
    </a></b>
</div>

#### String

| Problem  | Link | My Solution | 
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |

<div align="right">
    <b><a href="#contents">⬆ Back To Contents
    </a></b>
</div>

#### LinkedList

| Problem  | Link | My Solution | 
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |

<div align="right">
    <b><a href="#contents">⬆ Back To Contents
    </a></b>
</div>

#### Stack_Queue

| Problem  | Link | My Solution | 
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |

<div align="right">
    <b><a href="#contents">⬆ Back To Contents
    </a></b>
</div>

#### Trees

| Problem  | Link | My Solution | 
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |

<div align="right">
    <b><a href="#contents">⬆ Back To Contents
    </a></b>
</div>

#### Heap

| Problem  | Link | My Solution | 
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |

<div align="right">
    <b><a href="#contents">⬆ Back To Contents
    </a></b>
</div>

#### Recursion

| Problem  | Link | My Solution | 
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |

<div align="right">
    <b><a href="#contents">⬆ Back To Contents
    </a></b>
</div>

#### Hashing

| Problem  | Link | My Solution | 
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |

<div align="right">
    <b><a href="#contents">⬆ Back To Contents
    </a></b>
</div>

#### Graph

| Problem  | Link | My Solution | 
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |

<div align="right">
    <b><a href="#contents">⬆ Back To Contents
    </a></b>
</div>

#### Greedy

| Problem  | Link | My Solution | 
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |

<div align="right">
    <b><a href="#contents">⬆ Back To Contents
    </a></b>
</div>

#### DP

| Problem  | Link | My Solution | 
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |

<div align="right">
    <b><a href="#contents">⬆ Back To Contents
    </a></b>
</div>

#### Backtracking

| Problem  | Link | My Solution | 
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |

<div align="right">
    <b><a href="#contents">⬆ Back To Contents
    </a></b>
</div>

#### Bit_Magic

| Problem  | Link | My Solution | 
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |

<div align="right">
    <b><a href="#contents">⬆ Back To Contents
    </a></b>
</div>

#### Sorting_Algos

| Problem  | Link | My Solution | 
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |

<div align="right">
    <b><a href="#contents">⬆ Back To Contents
    </a></b>
</div>

#### Misc

| Problem  | Link | My Solution | 
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |
| 12345 | [Visit](12345)  | [Check](12345) |

<div align="right">
    <b><a href="#contents">⬆ Back To Contents
    </a></b>
</div>

------------------------------------

### Author

- [Suraj Verma](https://github.com/surajv311)

----------------------------------
----------------------------------
